FIX Adjust tags in RFE to allow nans by default (#21807)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.4.rst

  deprecated and will be removed in 1.6. :pr:`26830` by :user:`Stefanie Senger
  <StefanieSenger>`.

:mod:`sklearn.feature_selection`
................................

> - |Fix| :class:`feature_selection.RFE` does not check for nans during input validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| :class:`feature_selection.RFE` and :class:`feature_selection.RFECV` do
  not check for nans during input validation.
```
